Add info about CSV download for Excel in What's new article (#28661)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v7-3.md

{{< figure src="/img/docs/v73/bar_gauge_gradient_color_scheme.png" max-width="900px" caption="bar gauge color scheme" >}}

## CSV exports for Excel

> In v7.0, we introduced a new table panel and inspect mode with Download CSV enabled. However, CSV export to Excel was removed. As it turns out, Grafana users love their Excel! After many requests, this [community contribution from tomdaly](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/27284) brought it back.

Reviewer: Instead of "As it turns out, Grafana users love their Excel! After many requests, this [community contribution from tomdaly](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/27284) brought it back.", how about:

Due to a large number of inquiries and requests, this [community contribution from tomdaly](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/27284) brought the feature back.

Author: I like this!

> In v7.0, we introduced a new table panel and inspect mode with Download CSV enabled. However, CSV export to Excel was removed. As it turns out, Grafana users love their Excel! After many requests, this [community contribution from tomdaly](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/27284) brought it back.

Author: ```suggestion
In v7.0, we introduced a new table panel and inspect mode with Download CSV enabled. However, CSV export to Excel was removed. Due to a large number of inquiries and requests, this [community contribution from tomdaly](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/27284) brought the feature back.
```

> For more information, refer to [Download raw query results as CSV](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels/inspect-panel/#download-raw-query-results-as-csv) in the Grafana documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Download raw query results as CSV]({{< relref "../panels/inspect-panel/#download-raw-query-results-as-csv" >}}) in the Grafana documentation.
```

> For more information, refer to [Download raw query results as CSV](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels/inspect-panel/#download-raw-query-results-as-csv) in the Grafana documentation.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if it makes a difference but should this be a relative reference? IE 
```
{{< relref "../panels/inspect-panel/#download-raw-query-results-as-csv" >}}
```

Author: @oddlittlebird can you help? :)

Reviewer 3: Correct. It should be a relative reference.

Author: thanks folks <3
